Four Treasures
I told you that you are not in good health and cannot run around
Mommy will take you to the hospital
Take Sanbao
hi
Finally caught up with you
You were the one calling me just now
Yeah on the seat
I just get stuck in traffic on the road.
So it's late
What? I heard you were tired yesterday.
Didn't I let you have a good rest at home?
But do people miss you?
I haven't seen you in years and you're still so handsome
Say what
In fact, we found that
5 years ago
A small hospital in the county seat has your DNA records
Your child was born
What? But I've only touched it
This thing
At any cost
Check it out
Doctor, how is my child?
Little Miss Four Treasures is your youngest child
I haven't been in good health
Now it's getting worse.
Doctor, you must save him
He needs a bone marrow transplant as soon as possible
But transplants cost a lot of money.
Young lady, prepare a 1 million 1 million
Where am I going to get so much money?